Some notes about the materials and their effects on sound.

carpet:
	good absorption of high frequencies. very low absoirption of low frequencies.
	placing this material in a room to reduce high frequencies. transmission similar
	to concrete.

ceramicTiles:
	low absorption and very reflective. good for bathroom and other small reverberant
	rooms. transmission similar to concrete.

concrete, wallpaper:
	common wall material having low absorption and an average transmission. most materials
	have the transmission parameters of concrete while adding their own absorption ontop of it.

drapery:
	similar to carpet in that is absorbs high frequencies well but not so well low frequencies.
	this material uses same transmission as concrete which signifies the drapery is afixed to
	a wall.
	
	if you want the drapery to be hanging out in open space it depends on how the model is
	shaped.
	
	if you have a model with single sided textures and an enclosed model then there is no need
	to do much changing on the transmission parameters. this is because the thickness between
	the boundaing faces is small and does not have much effect.
	
	if you have a model with double sided textures you need to add a "thickness" texture
	property to explicitly set the thickness of the fabric. otherwise the audio module has
	no chance to figure out how thick the material is the sound is passing through. here too
	the transmission parameters are not required to be changed since the thickness is small.

fibrePanel:
	has very strong absorption for high frequencies and low absorption for low frequencies.
	a typical sound proof material. this material matches a 25mm plate. by simulating a 100mm
	plate set the lower absorption factor close to the upper one which makes the plate absorb
	low frequencies as well as high frequencies.
	
	using such a material removes reverberation from your rooms a lot making them sound like
	an anechoic chamber. useful to create eerie effects.
	
	transmission is set to concrete. if you reduce the transmission range too this creates
	a room which is like a sound enclosure letting no sound escape and having no reverb

seat:
	seats have an above average absorption of low frequencies and an above good absorption of
	high frequencies. this is a good example for props placed in a room affecting the sound
	in the room by the presence. without such props rooms with regular walls exhibit a reverbant
	nature. place props like this in the room and the reverbe vanishes quickly.

the other materials are similar to one of the examples above
